In this lecture we are going to use random as classifier in order to deal with credit scoring.
So we have been talking about credit scoring for a while for logistic regression the accuracy's 93 percent
which came nearest neighbor classifier.
The accuracy is approximately 97 percent.
OK it's important that we have normalized the data set.
And what's very important that we have both random for us classifier we can achieve 99 percent accuracy.
So we just have to read comma separated values file already dated Azzi Yes we we just have to define
the features income age and loan we can defined target variable.
We split the data set.
So I guess 80 percent to 80 percent of the dataset is for the training and 20 percent is for testing.
We create a random forest classifier with a thousand decision trees who add the maximum features is
initialized to be the square and then we feed the model and train the model on the training data set
and then we make predictions.
So if we run this algorithm the accuracy is going to be 99 percent.
So this is the best approach so far.
Random for us classifier is able to outperform logistic regression K nearest neighbor classifier naive
base classifier and so on.
So this is why decision trees and random for us classifier are extremely powerful algorithms.
So in the next lecture we are going to talk about an other dataset and we are going to talk about how
to tune random foras classifier even more.
Thanks for watching.